## Codebook
### This codebook describes the variables of the rpc data.frame which is an output of the RoyalPalmAnalysis.R script
    1.*Last_Name* | *Class: Character* This is the sirname of interred persons.  It was entered as all capital letters and was left that way in deferrence to the noted standard in headstone names.
    2.*First_Name_MI* | *Class: Character* This is usually first name and middle initial of interred persons. However there are many instances of complete middle name, no middle name or initial, and other information such as maiden name include here.  This is the "dirtiest" variable.  Until a historian is involved cleaning here will be minimal.  Superflous data in this field will not invalidate correct data.  Text case has not been cleansed, it remains as entered.
    3.*Suffix* | *Class: Character* This is generally "Jr.", "jr.","II",etcetera, but it is not consistent.  Due to the way the raw data was stored, this variable sometimes contained born/died information.  The born/died data was moved to appropriate variable, but no other cleansing was performed on this variable (statement true for Suffix2 & Honorifics variables as well). Text case has not been cleansed, it remains as entered.
    4.*Suffix2* | *Class: Character* This is much the same data as above, but sometimes interred persons had more than one suffix.  This holds the overflow.  There are sometimes honorifics included here (e.g. "Dr.", "Rev.").  No cleanup was done - anamolies remain. Text case has not been cleansed, it remains as entered.
    5.*Honorifics* | *Class: Character* This is much the same type of data as Suffix and Suffix2 but for the majority of the observations includes only honorifics such as "Dr." or "Rev.".  There are some entries which are really of the Suffix type. No cleanup was done - anamolies remain. Text case has not been cleansed, it remains as entered.
    6.*Born* | *Class: Numeric* This was split from the Born_Died variable captured in raw file.  It was converted to numeric for the purpose of performing calculations on it.
    7.*Died* | *Class: Numeric* This was split from the Born_Died variable captured in raw file.  It was converted to numeric for the purpose of performing calculations on it.
    8.*Life_Span* | *Class: Numeric* This is a calculated variable (Died - Born).  It was converted to numeric for the purpose of performing calculations on it. NOTE* It is not true life span because month/day was not captured.  This could skew actual years a person lived in our calculation by + or - 1.
